Update application-template.md (#41)
use-inkubator/Ecosystem-Grants: applications/application-template.md

(don’t add it as part of Milestones! The auditor will be chosen among Auditor track participants)
- CATEGORY: Infrastructure OR Canary Dapp OR Technical Showcase

> 
> ### Business Plan
> 
> An overview of the business model, including revenue streams, target market, and scalability.
> Future production plans and growth strategy, highlighting how the project intends to achieve sustainability and long-term success.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An overview of the business model, including revenue streams, target market, and scalability, if applicable.
- Future production plans and growth strategy, highlighting how the project intends to achieve sustainability and long-term success, if applicable.

```

May I suggest just adding these to the list above? I don't think a separate header is needed for these.
